API Keys content update (#3594)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/typescript/temporal-clients.mdx

## Connect to Temporal Cloud {#connect-to-temporal-cloud}

### How to connect to Temporal Cloud using an API key

> To use your [API key](/cloud/api-keys) with a Temporal SDK, include the API key in the Bearer token header and specify the Namespace header. The Bearer token header indicates the authentication type, while the Namespace header routes the request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an [API key](/cloud/api-keys) with the Temporal TypeScript SDK, use the following approach.
```

Create an initial `Connection` (for use with `Client`):

```typescript
const connection = await Connection.connect({
    address: <endpoint>,
    tls: true,
    apiKey: <APIKey>,

>     metadata: {
>         'temporal-namespace': <namespace_id>.<account_id>,
>     },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

});
const client = new Client({
    connection,
    namespace: <namespace_id>.<account_id>,
});
```

Create an initial Worker `NativeConnection` (for use with `Worker`):

```typescript
const connection = await NativeConnection.connect({
    address: <endpoint>,
    tls: true,
    apiKey: <APIKey>,

>     metadata: {
>       'temporal-namespace': <namespace_id>.<account_id>,
>     },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Connect to Temporal Cloud {#connect-to-temporal-cloud}

### How to connect to Temporal Cloud using an API key {#connect-to-temporal-cloud-api-key}

To use an [API key](/cloud/api-keys) with the Temporal TypeScript SDK, you will need to gather some information first:

- When you create your _API Key,_ be sure to save the value.
- You can see the _namespace account id_ combination in your URL or anywhere that you manage namespaces.
  It follows the format `<namespace_id>.<account_id>`.
- The _endpoint_ will vary. The most common endpoint used is the gRPC regional endpoint, which you can find by selecting the Connect button on the namespace details page.
  It follows the format: `<region>.<cloud_provider>.api.temporal.io:7233`.
- For Namespaces with High Availability features with API key authentication enabled, use the gRPC Namespace endpoint: `<namespace>.<account>.tmprl.cloud:7233`.
  This allows automated failover without needing to switch endpoints.

> Once you have the necessary info, to create an initial connection, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have the necessary info, to create an initial connection, follow these steps (note: this requires TS SDK 1.11.8+):
```
